The files in this directory are read by udev(7) and used when events
are performed by the kernel.  The udev daemon watches this directory
with inotify so that changes to these files are automatically picked
up, for this reason they must be files and not symlinks to another
location as in the case in Debian.

Packages do not generally install rules here, this directory is for
local rules.  If you want to override behaviour of package-supplied
rules, which can be found in /lib/udev/rules.d, you can do one of
two things:

 1) Write your own rules in this directory that assign the name,
    symlinks, permissions, etc. that you want.  Pick a number higher
    than the rules you want to override, and yours will be used.

 2) Copy the file from /lib/udev/rules.d and edit it here; you
    should generally only do this if you want to prevent a program
    from being run.


If the ordering of files in this directory are not important to you,
it's recommended that you simply name your files "descriptive-name.rules"
such that they are processed AFTER all numbered rules in both this
directory and /lib/udev/rules.d and thus override anything set there.




Files should be named xx-descriptive-name.rules, the xx should be
chosen first according to the following sequence points:

  00   rules that it is critical to be run first, usually
       only WAIT_FOR_SYSFS

  20   rules that change the name from the device from the default
       (cannot be overriden)

  40   rules that set the permissions of device nodes
       (can be overriden by later rules)

  60   rules that add symlinks to device nodes
       (adds to those set in earlier rules)

  80   rules that run programs (but do not load modules)

  90   rules that load modules

  99   rules that it is critical to be run last


This scheme has been chosen so that user-supplied rules are normally
named 50-*.rules for the right thing to happen.

Packages should chose the approriate sequence point and add 5 to it
(e.g. 25-iftab.rules, 45-libsane.rules, etc.) unless there is a need
for a particular order.
